# Runepicker Helper

## Our Goal

**We want to enable all players to quickly create, customize and select good 
rune pages based on automatically generated recommendations to improve the overall
quality of used rune pages.**
</div>

## Why?

Creating rune pages can be quite tedious - especially for low elo players. To quickly create new 
rune page, a player has to memorize the effects of each rune. The current solution for many players is 
to copy the rune pages other players use e.g. from [probuilds.net](probuilds.net) 

This process takes relatively long: there might not be enough time to create the rune page in champ select

## Our Solution

We built a machine learning model to generate rune pages for a champion and lane combination. The player only
has to enter these two parameters to receive a customizable rune page. We help the player by providing a base line
model for his rune page. If the player wishes to customize it, he's free to do so, but he can also just use
the rune page generated by our model.

A key feature of our application is the League Client Update integration. If the player downloads our Electron App
and generates a rune page, he can insert the page into the client and set it as active with one click. This approach
is far faster than copying a rune page from another player by hand.

## Future Work

In the future we want to integrate more tightly with the LCU: With the internal API we could automatically
detect the champion and lane chosen by the player. Additional input parameters for our models such as the champions 
of both teams could also be automatically extracted, enabling more accurate predictions with less overhead for the player.

## Technical Details

The technical details can be found in a short [presentation](howitworks.html)

[Go back to the main page](index.html)